welcome to the man recaps this is
survivor winners at war episode 4 the
blue tribe returns from Tribal Council
after just voting out Ethan this was a
big vote because Rob and Parvati know
for sure they're on the bottom now and
Adam was totally left out of the vote he
thought he successfully was
orchestrating a blindside on poverty but
his alliance didn't like that he was
trying to play both sides by telling
Boston Rob about it so they voted Ethan
to put him in his place I just did
everything that you're not supposed to
do in Survivor and I had the hubris to
think that I could get away with it
so now Adam starts really helping out
around camp being super nice to everyone
chopping coconuts and collecting
firewood Rob and Parvati tried to talk
to him like hey you're on the bottom now
to maybe join up with us but he's like
no way in fact I'm not going to talk to
you guys at all because I want to stay
in the good graces of the majority
Alliance but Robin Parvati are masters
of manipulation Rob goes to Jeremy and
Michelle and is like hey Adam came to us
trying to work with us turn on you guys
and they totally buy it it worked like a
charm their focus is now squarely on
Adam and off of Robin Parvati now on the
edge of extinction all four of them have
an opportunity to earn a fire token by
completing a tough physical challenge
they need to hike all the way around and
up the islands to a pile of 20 firewood
and one log at a time bring them all the
way back down to their camp at first
they're like hey no sweat at least it's
something to do besides just sit around
and stare at the sand but soon they
start to realize this is much more
difficult than it seems
natalie is in beast mode she's doing
okay but it's Ethan in particular who's
having a really hard time there's some
great inspiring moments as he wills
himself to keep going talking about his
battle with cancer and all that stuff
eventually though he does pass out
medical has to come and be like hey
maybe just take a break for a little bit
but eventually he does get back up you
can't keep Ethan down three girls had
already finished but they decide to go
back with him for the final log and it's
a real inspiring survivor moment the red
truck meanwhile is having a ton of fun
they haven't been to tribal council in a
long time so they're basically on
vacation on the surface they're one big
happy tribe but we know their secret
alliances already formed the big one is
eul's alliance the unconnected players
that kept it on the down-low but Tyson
sort of suspects it Wendall net
you'll and I don't even know the last
one is Sophie so under the radar that I
did not even know her name now once
again immunity is back up for grabs as
well as a great reward this week
chickens
since red is two extra people they have
to sit some and Sandra immediately
volunteers
Parvati kind of makes fun of her for it
but there's no shame in it Sandra knows
what her strengths are and they are not
physically demanding challenges like
this for people have to swim and pull
the boat over to the next platform where
the other three have to climb up and
jump to retrieve a set of keys normally
jumping for keys like this is not a big
deal but they've hung them really high
up there the red tribe had some taller
people in the boat so they get it pretty
quickly but the blue tribe put their
smallest people in there since they had
to swim and karyam and Parvati can
literally not reach these how to manages
to get one barely but for Parvati and
Denise it's just never going to happen
so the right Drive has a huge lead on
the puzzle while Adam just keeps trying
and failing finally though Adam gets it
and the blue tribe races to catch up it
seems impossible but Rob and Michelle
puzzle masters are doing it very quickly
and it seems like the red tribe had
messed up the very bottom of their
possible they got to basically start all
over and blue tribe comes back for the
win yes an epic comeback and for the
first time in a while they're not going
to tribal council
so Tyson's the first to act he throws
Nick out there as the person to vote off
it seems like an easy vote the whole
tribe could agree on
he sort of blew the puzzle for them and
he doesn't really help out around camp
and it's perfect for Tyson because he's
one of those unconnected players that
he's worried about of course though
Tyson is totally right in his suspicions
about this unconnected person's Alliance
they're not gonna let their friend Nick
go home they turn the vote around on
Tyson Tyson's a big threat because of
his connections especially on the other
tribe he in Boston Rob had a tight
alliance last time they played together
ironically the connected players who
theoretically have relationships because
they've played before are not a unified
front
Tony agrees with Tyson that it's better
to vote out Nick but Sandra wants Tyson
gone immediately cuz he came after her
way back at the beginning so going into
tribal council the vote is still up in
the air but it comes out unanimously on
Tyson
so Tyson is the fifth person voted out
off the edge of extinction he has to
bequeath his fire token to someone but
he's mad at his little tribe right now
for voting him out so just for chaos he
gives it to Nick the person he was just
trying to vote out Tyson shows up
edge of extinction and has a hilarious
observation you guys have so much
firewood oh and that's how episode four
comes to an end hit that subscribe
button for more of the best recaps of TV
and movies and click the join button to
support the channel and be a recap
champion